looking for music to use in your
videos on infringing copyright
after he presents position music in
position - you find a vast
high quality music library
and artistic value with the possibility of
download full albums plus options
search through filters
how genre humor musical instruments
artists and many others
and has already thought what it would be like to use
Movie songs like catching was
another the hobbit the battle of five
army and even younger than this
is impossible in secret action because it is in the
position even if you have access to the
songs from these and many other movies
of enormous success wondering how
have access to all these advantages because
just be a partner of freedom brasil or
From MGM Brazil, what are you waiting for ?
to enter for our family who
achieve the freedom and excellence of
your channel
and fellow kayak soldiers and well
Come to the qm da mgm Brazil if you have
games channel one and want to go for a
network check out mgn brazil you can
up to 95 percent of your
channel and there is no contract
besides you can renegotiate values
now if you do not have the requirements
minimum to enter for mgm Brazil or
do not have a game channel visit the site
freedom of brazil
the links are below in the description
of the video and that's it
although pro game and there comrades soldiers
kayak and welcome to part 2 in our
simple series the resident evil
revelations steel playing here in mode
reid
Today we will play the second part is
The number two lesson, right? Let's go there.
lose time already let's get acne are from
number 2
Geez, let's try to get all the
medallions like you are seeing there like
we did on the first mission people
completed all medallions
let's try to do this in all
missions because if we can get 20
People unlock lion, we will power.
play with the lion here in this mini-game
Beauty, come on, let's go in there.
let's detonate let's get there
at the door come on guys we do not
can take no zombie damage
Let's stay inside because it seems easy.
but for one thing we can take
damage and it's not what we want to take
Every care of the world here
Beauty opa two boys here remembering
who still has a pistol I have to
evolve my character raise the level
to be able to carry other weapons to
legend of the pistol next plus a gun
just not necessarily because the pistol
which might be for other weapons in it
but let's go for a while with the gun, right?
where are these a bis
damn you sweety beauty
when we have to kill 39 sumbe
for the time being we killed the six
It will take a little time for us to defeat
all right
I hear you Paulo in the area but do not know
exactly what you are to take
careful we do not lose all
bullets
Let's economise. Speak here. Do not go there.
There goes there to be on the knife and you
unfortunately this game here in your
version for pc is not used there much
so there are going to be some legs
have occurred and how much have you played here
but are bones of the trade
There's no way people go, let's go there 14
I will not even calculate how many are left
because I'm very bad math
so I will not even embarrass shame
bigger here in front of you here
Beauty or you can kick this one.
you can handle the mille technique can
load the attack
I do not know if all the characters can
but at least with it we can
you press the button and the blow will come out
stronger not
you one funny kiss where is to appear
or try a little box in here.
Let's see what has more beauty bullet the
Zombie bread here very careful not to
take his hurt there boy there
miss little people are a little short
Hi, it's our delicious poll, my dar.
right
I wanted to know who is who and how many
You have this game there, tell us
comments because who knows we can not
passes before not playing together then this right
game that has copco mode would be more
fun to play with you do not write
in the comments say you have the
Game, of course, in the comments for me to know.
We can play together in the future, right?
beauty is missing 10 but 10 is a we the people
pass passes with praise to cnet the stage
Giant here very calm in this hour.
In this one I had to unload I want
nowhere near ran risk taking
because I want everybody
medallions I want union means
Welcome, everyone, this game here is
very good with resident evil revelations
the two is very good game very good did
time I did not play a game of
resident evil so the youngest so
excited me
for there is more limit for us
kill let's go now you do not have to
take everybody we can finish the
mission but for us to get the medallion
to eliminate all enemies
obviously we have to kill everyone
huh
Come on, tell me this game here.
very good people if you are looking for
for a game
resident of the franchise resident evil and
disenchanted at some point after the
resident evil 4 because it's very much
abandon the roots and this
revelations rain the foot europe does not stop
there there to catch an instance staff and
This is dangerous. I do not know what it is.
exactly but it's dangerous or it did not run
so easy that I do not know if it is or not
finally disenchanted with resident in some
I was able to enjoy it from here.
very good, very cool a ransom is not
a return to origins
he has elements of terror are cool
if you take it harder and harder
difficult you have a shortage of
ammo so you will spend for
other perrengues in this mode in this game
Beauty here
We got people, let's go over here.
mission 2 complete and now let's see
What medals did we pick up on?
mission excellence medal unit
none were we do not take any
We defeated all enemies and
get all the medallions
win medallions conclusion that is what
We need to release the lion.
we reach a level 3 and this is what the
people see in the next video staying for
here until then and thanks